The internet is a network of a bunch of smaller networks. The internet uses clients and servers. The clients, referring to the thing displaying the screen you are looking at, can make requests to the server. The server stors all the information of a specific website the client is trying to access. After the client makes a request to the server, the server will send that information back, but it really isnt that simple.

When the server sends all the information back to you it does it in a bunch of little packages we call packs. The server sends back these packs in many small bits of information making it easier to debug and replace if need be. Sometimes some of the information in these packs is lost and in that case the server will send all the information again to ensure you get it.

When on a website and we click a link we make a request to the server. But it may not make it all the way to the sever. If we have visited the website before we may have cookies in our memory that will remember the information the server provides to make loading the link much faster. The interesting thing is that when we click a link the server will never recieve the name of the link as that isnt how servers know the website information, instead the server will reseve an IP address or Internet Protocol address. An IP address is the actual name of a website and are made up of 4 separate numbers, separated by a '.', and range from numbers betwee 0-255. 

The DNS, or Domain Name Server, going to be the name of the website we will remember and when we send our request the DNS will take the name, i.e google.com, and convert it into an IP address. Before this happens there is a protocol that has to run first. These are most commonly HTTPS and HTTP but there is an older one FTP that is also still used. These stand for Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure(HTTPS), Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP) and File Transfer Protocol (FTP). These protocols tell us wether or not the website we a visiting is encrypted or not.